`CLOSED` messages for relays that want to reject REQs and NIP-42 `AUTH` integration (#902)
nostr-protocol/nips: 42.md

}
```

### `OK` and `CLOSED` machine-readable prefixes

This NIP defines two new prefixes that can be used in `OK` (in response to event writes by clients) and `CLOSED` (in response to rejected subscriptions by clients):

- `"auth-required: "` - for when a client has not performed `AUTH` and the relay requires that to fulfill the query or write the event.
- `"restricted: "` - for when a client has already performed `AUTH` but the key used to perform it is still not allowed by the relay or is exceeding its authorization.

## Protocol flow

> At any moment the relay may send an `AUTH` message to the client containing a challenge. The challenge is valid for the duration of the connection or until another challenge is sent by the relay. The client MAY decide to send its `AUTH` event at any point and the authenticated session is valid afterwards for the duration of the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any moment the relay may send an `AUTH` message to the client containing a challenge. The challenge is valid for the duration of the connection or until another challenge is sent by the relay. The client MAY decide to send its `AUTH` event at any point and the authenticated session is then valid for the remainder of the connection.
```

}
```

### `OK` and `CLOSED` machine-readable prefixes

This NIP defines two new prefixes that can be used in `OK` (in response to event writes by clients) and `CLOSED` (in response to rejected
subscriptions by clients):

- `"auth-required: "` - for when a client has not performed `AUTH` and the relay requires that to fulfill the query or write the event.

> - `"restricted: "` - for when a client has already performed `AUTH` but the key used to perform it is still not allowed by the relay.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `"restricted: "` - for when a client has already performed `AUTH` but the key used to perform it is still not allowed by the relay or is exceeding it's authorization.
```
